#Interview Context#
I interviewed a veteran Horace Mann math teacher in their classroom during break. I am familiar with this teacher and we have a good rapport, so there were no difficulties establishing rapport or getting the information I needed. I used these questions for my interview: "If there were divisions between students from different grades in your advisory, how would you try to overcome those divisions?" "When you teach math classes with students who are a grade up in math, do you try to do anything to help them feel included? If so, what?" "What two grades do you think have the most disconnect and what grades do you think are the most similar in terms of the teaching style you use?" "Any other comments you have on divisions between grades in the upper division?"

#Takeaways#
I learned that it is easier for an advisor to form a sense of community when all the kids are in one grade, but there is more of a sense of continuity between grades and more perspective when you have students of different ages in your advisory. When there are students of different grades, there is a general sense of heterogeneity, but in that heterogeneity, there is an aspect of homogeneity. One way advisors can help with advisory unity is by explicitly telling their older students that they should be helping the younger students and giving them advice. Every grade has checkpoint moments, such as sophomore spring, when you decide which classes you want to take in junior year. In these moments, older students can help younger students by talking to them about their choices as well as the consequences they are currently experiencing as a result of those decisions. In academic contexts, it is more difficult for teachers to help students in the minority grade integrate, such as students a year up in math. In those instances, teachers should just try to keep their eyes open and meet with students privately to help them if they are noticing that the students are particularly quiet. Juniors and seniors are most similar in terms of the teaching style used by teachers, demonstrating that the division is not only social, but also academic. The academic division makes sense, since students are at different stages of academic development. The social division also has some benefits, as there are sometimes the stereotypical relationships between senior boys and freshman girls actually happens, and that relationship can be immensely problematic.

#Next Steps and Reflection#
A problem that I uncovered in this contextual inquiry is that teachers don't have a lot of insight into student social life so we will be much better off doing contextual inquiries with students. However, we will now have multiple perspectives so we can contrast the student and teacher perspectives.

In our next inquiries, we will be asking students how they interact with other students in a contextual inquiry to see how the grade divisions play out in reality. We originally planned to ask a senior and a freshman, but now we are considering asking a freshman and a sophomore since after this inquiry, we realize that juniors and seniors are pretty similar.
