# Bridging the Gap: Increasing Cross-Grade Unity at Horace Mann
The lack of interactions between students of different grades, particularly a lack of social interactions, is a common problem that we have observed in various contexts around Horace Mann. There is a stigma and a fear among the underclassmen to interact with students in the grades above them. Although these divisions amongst grades may seem natural and not especially problematic, underclassmen have a lot to gain from interacting with the upperclassmen. For example, younger students can get advice about college, teachers, classes, and clubs from older students. These types of interactions and exchanges of this kind of advice do currently exist, but only in very specific spaces––in classrooms such as our own App Development class, in sports teams, or in club meetings during I period, just to give a few examples. Most interactions between older and younger students are limited to this very limited mentor-mentee style relationship that creates hierarchies and power dynamics in other spaces; an equal, social connection between upper and underclassmen is often absent. The way this topic connects to our theme of community engagement is that when people interact across grades, they meet different groups of people and learn about different experiences that different people have had at Horace Mann. These interactions allow people to better understand the diversity in our community, which is critical since understanding is the first step to engagement. In order to engage with issues facing our community, people first need to understand those issues and the best way to do that is to increase interaction across grades.

A fundamental mistake the school makes is that they consider the mentor-mentee type interaction between students of different grades to be an example of a healthy social dynamic. For example, the school has created a mandatory “HM Orientation” (HMO) class for freshmen in which juniors and seniors are recruited to teach the ninth graders about the details of high school life. This class seems to not only exist to teach the freshmen, but also to give them an opportunity to build close bridges with older students. While some close relationships may result from HMO, for the most part it preserves and even exacerbates the asymmetric power dynamic between older and younger students. This is not to say such spaces don’t have any benefits, or don’t serve a useful purpose; it merely points out that students need a space exclusively for socialization with kids from other grades. Another example of the social dynamic between grades is in the library, where seniors, juniors, and freshmen/sophomores occupy their own distinct zones. This separation is best exemplified in the library because the library is inherently a social space; no adults or formal institutions are forcing any interactions between students of different grades. However, there are still manners in which the social dynamic between grades is currently thriving at the school. Clubs and publications as well as sports teams allow interactions between younger and older students. Older students have advice to give about college, teachers, classes, and clubs.

Our three contextual inquiry participants will be a freshman, a senior and a high school teacher who has sections in at least three grades. We were very deliberate with these choices. Because our project is based in community engagement across grades, we made sure to gather varying perspectives. We have both a freshman and senior in our app development class, so we will work with them, either in class or out of class. We will reach out to the teacher through firstclass to set up a meeting. We can carry out this research within one working period. 
