---
layout: post
title: Korffer's Connect Team Contract
subtitle: By Rosie Jiyon and Sam
cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [books, test]
---
Team Contract Section Outline Links to Our Individual Websites: https://rosiepotash.github.io/ https://jiyon-chat.github.io/ https://samk0918.github.io/ Preliminary Information: Who is in the team, what are their schedules like, any extracurricular commitments requiring extra time, what are everyone’s skill sets, what are people’s general goals with respect to this course and project? Rosie: I have minimal time out of class to work on the project- I would like to get as much as possible done during class periods. Sam: I'm always busy. I have wrestling practice until 6 every day. I have debate tournaments a lot of weekends, and have minimal free time outside of class. My goal is to do well in this class and get as much as possible during class time and come up with a final product of which I can be proud. Jiyon: Practice until 6 every week day, debate tournaments on many weekends, minimal time outside of class. My goal is to do well in this class and hopefully produce something that is useful for others. Guiding Principles: What is the team’s philosophy? What are some ground rules everyone can agree on? What is your mission? Our mission is to increase cross grade involvement and change the way high schoolers interact with each other. Efficiency and quality is key. Our ground rules are that we should be efficient during class, as well as being communicative and cooperative. We also should divide work as evenly as possible. Focus on Purpose: What is the purpose of your project? What is your goal – as you begin your project now, what would you like to have accomplished by the end of this project? Our mission is to increase cross grade involvement and change the way high schoolers interact with each other. We would like to have accomplished something that we can be proud of by the end of the project. Group Roles: Can be specifically defined for each person or can be general and open-ended TBD depending on what needs to be done. Division of Labor: Similar to group roles, but in this section you should specifically outline how the workload will be distributed among the group members. TBD Team Name: What is your team name and what is the rationale behind it? Korffers Connect because it looks like a fun name and we are a fun group and also we want to improve cross grade connection and humor is a very efficient and effective way to connect with people. Team Logo: What will be your project logo and what is the rationale behind it? Our project logo is a handshake because we want to increase community engagement. Team Plan: Write your plan for who will do what as you work on the Group Project Proposal. TBD, unclear on what the proposal exactly entails. Meeting Management: How often will you meet? How will you coordinate when to meet? How will you communicate to plan meetings? How will the meetings be conducted, what are your expectations for each group member? How will you support each other so that if someone is having a bad day, the meeting can still be successful? How will you make decisions, what happens if people disagree? How will you manage meeting remotely? How will you manage meeting in person if one or more members are remote? We are going to try to limit the amount of times we meet out of class. However, we will have a group chat if we ever have an urgent issue. Meetings will be conducted in person unless they are after school in which case we will zoom. We will all do our best to be efficient at the meetings and we will be cooperative and collaborative. Documentation/Accountability: How will you record the pertinent information from a meeting? How will you use each meeting to make an actionable plan for your work and your next meeting? How will you make sure people are held accountable for doing their part? We will have a shared Drive folder to store relevant documents, and will try to record all tasks that have been divided amongst the group members. We'll have a doc where we record what happens in meetings. Rewards/Punishments: How will you motivate yourselves and each other to do your part and deliver the best possible results? What happens if someone fails to meet their commitments? How is success rewarded? How will you respond to failure to adhere to this product? How will you provide each other with helpful and honest feedback without disrupting the process or hurting the team dynamic? We will remind each other of our goals and since we are all juniors we know we are all going through it together. If someone fails to meet their commitments, we will be understanding since junior year is brutal. If there are repeated infractions, there will be stoning in the town square. Success is rewarded by getting to do more work since we are juniors. We will provide each other with constructive criticism on how to improve our efficiency. Follow-Up: How will you check in with each other to make sure this contract is serving the needs of your team and, in turn, that your team is adhering to the contract? How will you revise the contract, should the need arise? How will you make decisions regarding revisions to the contract? What happens if someone on the team has an issue at any point during the process? We will gently remind each other of our expectations for collaborative work. We will revise this contract by informing our group members that we want to revise this contract. We will come to a consensus in order to make revisions to the contract. If someone has an issue, they can reach out to Mr. Grunebaum or bring it up in the group. Is it acceptable for one or two team members to do more work than the others in order to get the team an A? Not really, but it is situational How will you use the in-class time? We will be efficient and get all our work done When will you meet before the winter holidays? In class How will work be divided among team members? Evenly Where will you record who is responsible for which tasks? Google Docs and Group Chat
